# Project8-in-Program-Design-
Project 8, Program Design    USF is creating an online store to sell t-shirts from its student organizations. They are hiring someone to code the  backend of the system, which will be used by a staff to enter the information about the available t-shirt into the  store database. You really want to get this position, so you decided to show off your skills by implementing a  prototype in C using dynamically allocated linked lists. Each t-shirt model will have the following information  stored in the database:    - student organization name: string with spaces and at most 50 characters  - size: strings of at most 3 characters (e.g., "XS", "S", "M", "L", "XL", "XXL")  - price: real number with at most two digits after the decimal point  - quantity in inventory: non-negative integer number smaller than or equal to 1000    You  already  have  a  sketch  for  the  code  in  the  file  tshirt_store.c,  now  you  must  complete  the  following  functions:    1. add_to_inventory:  a. Ask the user to enter the student organization name and the size.  b. Check if the inventory has a t-shirt for this organization with this specific size.  If yes, your program  should print a message stating that this t-shirt already exists and exit the function. Otherwise, ask  the user to enter the price and the quantity, allocate memory for a new t-shirt and save the entered  information, add it to the end of the linked list, and then exit the function.  c. When exiting this function, return a pointer to the first element of the linked list.  2. search_by_organization: search by a student organization name. Ask the user to enter the name of  the organization. Find all t-shirts on inventory for this organization. Display organization name, size, price  and quantity. If no t-shirt is found, print a message.  3. search_by_size:  search  by  t-shirt  size.  Ask  the  user  to  enter  the  desired  size.  Find  all  t-shirts  on  inventory with this size. Display organization name, size, price and quantity. If no t-shirt is found, print a  message.  4. print_inventory: print organization name, size, price and quantity for all t-shirts on inventory.  5. clear_inventory: when the user exits the program, deallocate all the memory used for the linked list.  Note: use the read_line function to read the name of the student organization. 
